grass-addon test workflow (#5)
mundialis/github-workflows: README.md

skipped.

## GRASS GIS addon tests

The GRASS GIS addon tests can be added to a repo with one GRASS GIS test.

> The workflow downloads the NC sample location if the workflow is started with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow downloads the NC sample location if the workflow is configured using `with`
```
